# 1. About Blockchain Impact
## 1.1. Where Do We Come From?
xxx
## 1.2. Biggest Picture Overview
The technological progress that brings blockchain implies a convergence of all disciplines of knowledge in a way never seen before.
Thinking about how our society organizes, we can identify different layers.
On the bottom layer we have the basic understanding of the primary pillars that sustain everything else. This means, redefining the bottom layer is changing the way we organize and think of a society today.

### a) Governance
Throughout history, centralized political organizations, bureaucracy and representative democracy have been a solution to a scaling problem: coordination and decision-making processes among an heterogeneous group of people.  They have been mostly developed for the purpose of reaching consensus and coordination between heterogeneous or distant groups of people, facilitating their mutual interactions.

Despite this, centralized organizations with top-down structures tend to be are systematically exposed to significant risks, such as lack of transparency, corruption, and a big target of all kind of coercions (Single Point of Failure). Which brings the classic question: "who will watch the watchmen?"

Decentralization aims to reduce or prevent such concentration of power and it is a fundamental condition for citizens to achieve political efficacy, equality, transparency, and freedom.

### b) Economy
Property

### c) Information 
Blackbox society
Decentralized storage
Decentralized Internet

### d) Communication
xxx

### e) Identity
xxx
The process of atomization of identity towards local information comprises regaining possession, in deliberate graduated steps, of one’s identity, across a variety of spheres of life.
A mechanism that tractably maps information generated by an individual back to the individual immutably through time, without reference to a third party, provides that individual with a verifiable right to exclude; a mechanism that enables an individual to provide access to her identity to others in the mutable creation of collaborative value, yet tractably retain her attributable product from the association, provides her the right to use.

The right to exclude is a key strength of the blockchain; the right to use, however, requires using the blockchain as an infrastructure to access a range of value-creating activities across the cryptoeconomy.
Self-identity can lose almost all meaning in such ventures; it evolves within it so fundamentally, that it becomes harder to extricate a definable identity from it that coheres exactly with what went into it at the outset.

What is needed for self-identity to have a more meaningful connotation for the cryptoeconomy is a range for its elements – crisp elements at one extreme, such as a person’s name, passport number, contact details, and so forth, and fuzzy elements at the other, such as her interests, ambitions, hobbies or ideals. The ability to immutably instantiate crisp identities within any blockchain is straightforward; however, an individual would also have the ability to redefine her identity based on the information that she accumulates through participation in other applications of the technology, such as within commercial enterprises that employ the Lightning Network or a public ledger on patents, academic credentials or real estate. These enhancements to identity would occur so that, when information is shared through participation, identities would grow in an elastic manner to account for the contributions it makes to the self-identities of others in a society. This makes identity an elastic asset, rather than a static one.

Seeing self-identity as an elastic asset is best done when we imagine it as a particular package of contractual rights a person possesses over her productive ideas. Such rights can be specific to the individual as well as residual over the set of all specifiable and unspecifiable ideas that individuals collaborate with in an enterprise. Where the residual rights over any given expansion of the set of ideas permits more productive use than when farmed out to other individuals, the self-identity of an individual grows. This is a fundamental insight of the incomplete contract literature. Fundamentally, what this suggests for blockchains is that until they are not interoperable across a wide set of applications, the benefit of self-identity on the blockchain is limited to not much more than digital safekeeping of its crispest elements

### f) Privacy
Centralized platforms are very useful for coordinating activities yet, they often come at the expense of privacy. Users of these platforms need to share their personal data in order to use their services, without even knowing what these operators will do with their data.

Decentralized platforms given that there is no central authority in charge of managing the network, coordination can only be achieved by disclosing information to all nodes, which means that decentralized systems requiere a higher degree of transparency in order to operate. For that reason the impact of decentralization on the privacy and confidentiality of information comes at 2 levels:
* on a content level: decentralization reduces the chances of monitoring by a centralized authority
* on a protocol level (metadata): the openness and transparency of a decentralized network also make information more vulnerable to third parties’ grab.


# 2. About the WIBB Project
## 2.1. Aim
The first aim of this project is to share and expand a deep understanding on what blockchain is and why it is important for our society, through a women voice. 
The end goal is to culminate this knowledge in a tool that people can use to contribute on redefining the layers above expose. 
By this we can transform the structures that hold the system of our societies we know today, in a non-precedent way.
## 2.2. Target
Our target audience are people motivated with this technological/social and economical change we are living. People who want to know more and xx
Everyone can attend to the events we organize.
We specially encourage people from different backgrounds, since this will enrich our community and give us other insights and perspectives.
## 2.3. Structure
WIBB Project is build upon 2 vertex: the events and the platform. These 2 vertex nourish each other and reinforce the global aim of the project.
### a) Events
The WIBB events are classified on:
* talks
* technical workshops
* networking events
* panel discussion

The common denominator of these events is that the speakers/leads are always women.
Each event will be focused to address a specific topic. This topic will be classified in one of the 6 topics we have defined (can be redefined in the course of our experience).
The idea is to fulfill each of these categories with knowledge, insights and ideas coming from the events. These categories, will interconnect with each other (still tbd). 
How will we achieve this? With the help of the WIBB Platform. 
### b) Platform
WIBB Platform will gather all the know-how derived from the events. This is extremely necessary in order to build a structure around them.
The idea, still in its concept, is to create a system where participants can connect knowledge. The interesting thing here is connecting knowledge from different disciplines (with the common nexus of blockchain).  WIBB Platform will also act as the event “connecting-thread”.
First approach would be a decentralized platform on top of Ethereum deployed on IPFS.
The basis of the needed features is currently under definition, hoping receiving more inputs derived from the future event themselves.
# 3. About the WIBB Group
## 3.1. Decentralized Organization
xxx
## 3.2. Location
We are based in Barcelona.
We are connected globally around the world.
## 3.3. Social Media
* [Twitter Account](https://twitter.com/wiblockchainbcn)
* [Meetup Group](https://www.meetup.com/es-ES/Women-in-Blockchain-Barcelona-Local-Group/)


